Sunday morning the Kansas City Chiefs
visit the Cleveland Browns of course
Kansas City coming off a horrible
tragedy also coming off a very big win
visit the Cleveland Browns Chuck you
have you have your best bet on this game
the Browns are six total 37 and a half
you know when we do sports made a big
part of you know when you're looking at
games sometimes they'll put all the
numbers together and they'll have the
right line but sometimes you have to do
this psychological tight we're where's
the team at who did they play next week
who did they come off there's a lot more
that just goes into it then they're all
data yeah exactly and you got and
sometimes that could you know put you on
the right side of game and I really feel
that the horrible tragedy that happened
with Belcher the whole incident that
Kansas City chief yeah I think when the
game happened last week the beat
Carolina they played very inspired 2721
they beat him but I think a lot of it
had to do I don't think it quite sudden
I really feel like they played with a
lot of adrenaline and gave it their all
but now they're gonna have to live with
this all week what's been going on over
there a horrible thing and I think they
show up flatter than all the
distractions all the distractions I mean
the emotional that is a lot of things
going on now you throw that in with the
team before that before that game
against Carolina they put up 27 points
before that game they average their last
seven games before that they averaged 10
points a game in their last seven games
and they're going to come into a the dog
pound there at Cleveland or Cleveland is
playing much better 3 and 1 3 and 0
against the spread their last three
games 4 & 1 against the number the last
five and they've had some good games
against Pittsburgh Dallas of course San
Diego open Baltimore's it was there five
games and they played Richardson running
the ball his last was last three games
he's run the ball much better better
better better every day yeah he's really
starting to come into his own we know
whedon's been playing better yes I think
it's just one of those great spots for
the Cleveland Browns here we are yeah
color Cleveland's playing good lately I
mean there's a team with a lot of effort
and more importantly it's the tough
place to play the dog pound it's not an
easy place to go play even when this
team is bad they give you effort at home
and nothing you know supports that more
than the
back there for and 180s their last five
so they're staying in games and when you
look at the data Chuck covered the
mindset part of it the psychological
advantage that they're going to have
which is obvious but even when you look
at the data here's a Cleveland team that
over the last six games they have not
been out gained by more than 15 yards
total yards no matter who they played if
you look at the last six games no one's
dominated this team and now here comes
at Kansas City team that I think
Cleveland can totally dominate I mean
Kansas is not a good team I was so glad
to see them win last week nothing could
have been better for everyone on that
team but this is as horrible as a spot
for these guys as you're going to get I
don't think anyone even wants to play
this game on that team and for me I
don't think the number is going to
matter but this is another game last
week a circle Denver as just find me
things to tease them with this week it's
Cleveland just find me teams to tease
them with because this is not a game
they're going to lose a couple things I
want to point out number one when when
you have a tragedy like that often times
before you have really a chance to
figure out of it you can come together
in jail are the troops yes and I think
that's exactly what Kansas II did now
you go on the road I think that makes a
big difference I think that makes a huge
difference in your home still wouldn't
like them but I think on the road that
makes it even tougher during the course
of the week this is where it matters
because when you take the fields and a
pro athlete you you are going to give a
hundred percent on every play it's just
the nature of the beast but it's the
preparation yeah during the course three
that says your mind you how are they
going to be right now with you're going
to be watching films exactly not just
that just all the things that have to go
on when someone passes away the very
wings the funerals all that all the you
know there's so many things you need to
deal with football is the last thing on
our mind I don't care if you are a
professional athlete it's just at the
end of the day it's just the game that's
that's it and when something like this
happens a tragedy like this I think
that's when as a human being you realize
that it's just the game right like and
when you come to that conclusion does it
really matter that much it's so hard to
then get up and go play right
team that's fired up and the Browns are
gonna be fired off the place on football
they're playing they weren't you in a
row and they're playing well that's
playing well and here's the other thing
on the square I may be game 9 I mean
without any of the emotional stuff now
when we put in the Vegas rankings every
week I've had kansas city at the bottom
me too because what I do mind I argue
between them and outgained Oakland you
know because I include turnovers in
there they've been horror bored
protecting the ball so I've had kansas
city at the bottom I threw last week's
game out because it was such an
emotional thing and also you have to
remember listen they have their job to
do which is play football we have our
job to do and I'm not relishing the fact
that they're going to be so now but
Chuck just let you know you stole this
game off of me this isn't going to be my
best better you filled out the box first
so anyway we have talked about this one
long enough let's go ahead and we're
going to make it official go ahead check
okay that I like to Cleveland Browns we
talked about this situation and it
really plays a role here Kansas City I
really feel like they'll be out of
energy having to live what the tragedy
that happened all week long on top of
that Cleveland playing great ball last
five games only allowing 17 points game
defense been playing good Kansas City
before their emotional game last week
against Carolina seven less seven games
before that they only averaged 10 points
in those games Chuck I think you're
right on with this one I think this is
again very unfortunate but again we have
our job to do I think Alan we make your
rink is that you did include that game
so yes those are good angles because you
knew not to put that in your numbers and
and that's you know that's why you ran
the books all those you that only 30
okay coming up next we're gonna hear
from VR VR is gonna go the Colts and the
Titan's bastard er's best better the
week I swept last week 3 and 0 I swept
last week's I've pressure I pressure
that you got practice but I've seen any
responder pressure before you do just
fine you can see all our videos are
pretty hain TV